sys-kernel/coreos-module: use strip-debug instead of strip-unneeded (#2196)
flatcar/coreos-overlay: changelog/changes/2022-09-30-kernel-strip.md

> - Switched from `--strip-unneeded` to `--strip-debug` when installing Kernel modules, which has a size impact on the image but makes Kernel stacktraces more accurate and makes debuggging issues easier ([coreos-overlay#2196](https://github.com/flatcar/coreos-overlay/pull/2196))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switched from `--strip-unneeded` to `--strip-debug` when installing kernel modules, which makes kernel stacktraces more accurate and makes debugging issues easier ([coreos-overlay#2196](https://github.com/flatcar/coreos-overlay/pull/2196))
```
